release: v1.58.0 (#6298)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_geal_subgraph_request_id.md

> ### Add a subgraph request id ([PR #5858](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5858))
> 
> This is a unique string identifying a subgraph request and response, allowing plugins and coprocessors to keep some state per subgraph request by matching on this id. It is available in coprocessors as `subgraphRequestId` and rhai scripts as `request.subgraph.id` and `response.subgraph.id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add subgraph request id ([PR #5858](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5858))

The router now supports a subgraph request ID that is a unique string identifying a subgraph request and response. It allows plugins and coprocessors to keep some state per subgraph request by matching on this ID. It's available in coprocessors as `subgraphRequestId` and Rhai scripts as `request.subgraph.id` and `response.subgraph.id`.

```
